Update compatibility documentation regarding reverted transactions (#270)
hyperledger/fabric-x-evm: docs/COMPATIBILITY.md

MVCC conflict — the two are indistinguishable at this level (see Transaction lifecycle and
finality).

> **Reverted transactions emit no events**: when a transaction reverts — including a transfer blocked by a compliance contract such as ERC-1404 — no events are emitted and the on-chain log for that transaction is empty. Audit trail for rejected operations must be captured at the application layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Reverted transactions emit no events**: when a transaction reverts — including a transfer blocked by a compliance contract such as ERC-1404 — no events are emitted and the on-chain log for that transaction is empty. This is consistent with other EVM based systems.
```
